♪
[NARRATOR] The netherworld.
The realm where all demons live.
And the monarch who rules is
the Demon King.
[caws]
However, the Demon King's throne
has sat empty for ages.
♪
Only the most worthy
will inherit this
seat of sovereignty,
but who will it be?
♪
[BOY AND GIRL]
"Iruma-kun Demon School."
♪
[wind gusting]
[BOTH grunting]
Iruma, you're gonna
take over from here.
-Don't screw it up.
-Yes, sir.
And if you can't handle it,
I'm docking half your pay!
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, 14 years old.
He is being forced to work
on a tuna fishing boat.
Simply put,
his parents are selfish scumbags
who refuse to work,
so it's all on him.
[grunts, pants]
[IRUMA] I'm not gonna get by
on half a paycheck.
Huh?
[screaming]
[panting]
[grunts, screams]
[slow motion grunt]
[gasps, screams]
[gasps]
Huh?
♪
Huh? [gasps]
Huh?
♪
Huh? [gasps]
[screams]
Huh?
"Sold"? What is
happening right now?
Hmm.
♪
[screams]
Wait. Wh-where are we going?
Who are you?!
[speaking in Demon]
[gasps] Come again?
♪
[MAN] Now you will understand
the Demon language.
Iruma Suzuki,
we are in the netherworld.
-The what?
-[MAN] It's the realm of demons.
Realm of... [gasps]
I can understand you.
[MAN]
I've put you under a spell.
[IRUMA] Wait, you can do that?
[MAN] Well, of course I can.
I'm a demon.
It's part of the package.
Are you joking?
No, child, I'm not.
My name is Sullivan,
and I'm a demon.
And you should know,
you're here
because your parents made a deal
to sell your soul to me,
so now you're mine.
[snickers]
My parents seriously
sold my soul to a demon?
But they would never do tha...
[sighs]
Actually, they totally would.
[groans uneasily] What's that?
[SULLIVAN] That is my mansion.
[snickers menacingly]
[gasps in fear]
Now what happens?
What are you
going to do with me?!
[grunts in effort]
[screams]
Huh?
Please, young Iruma,
won't you be my grandson?
[jingling]
Huh?
You see, I've been
alone here all this time.
It's always been my dream
to have a grandchild to spoil.
Grandchild?
Levi and Belial
bragging about their grandkids
makes me so jealous.
I'll buy you anything you want,
and I'll spoil you rotten.
So, please, please say
you'll be my grandson!
Uh, but you just told me
I was sold to you.
Can I even say no?
[SULLIVAN]
I'll respect your wishes.
[inhales sharply] If you don't
wanna stay, I won't force you.
[IRUMA] But what should I do?
For my entire life
I've never said no!
[NARRATOR] Indeed.
Iruma Suzuki is a complete
and total pushover.
[MAN]
You can handle this yourself.
[IRUMA] Sure, no problem.
[NARRATOR] Whenever he's
asked to do something...
[WOMAN] Sorry about this.
[IRUMA]
Oh, it's my pleasure, ma'am.
[NARRATOR] ...and even when
he isn't asked at all.
[IRUMA] Ah, keep chasing me,
don't feel bad.
[NARRATOR]
Even in ridiculous situations.
He will consent to anything
and can't say no.
He's such a pushover
even he finds himself pathetic.
[IRUMA] But, I mean,
Most people would say no
to this insanity, wouldn't they?
Well, if it's okay
to turn him down...
Uh, So, I think I...
-[SULLIVAN] That said...
-[screams]
That's exactly why
I'm pushing you so hard.
Come on, I'm literally
begging right now!
You'd be fulfilling
the dying wishes
of an old man! Please!
[NARRATOR] Words Iruma
stands no chance against...
[screams]
Number 1: "Please."
Number 2: "Help."
Number 3: "I beg of you."
♪
-[IRUMA sobbing]
-[SULLIVAN laughing in delight]
[IRUMA] I just became
a demon's grandson.
[NARRATOR] After living
through 14 years of misfortune,
Iruma has the habit
of accepting anything.
Alrighty, now that
that's been settled...
Whoa! Wait a sec.
What is all this?
You're my first grandchild.
Your food, clothing,
shelter, and...
[SULLIVAN snaps fingers]
[IRUMA gasps] Now, what is this?
[SULLIVAN] Your education.
You look so perfect
and adorable!
I'm going to enroll you
in a demon school.
The best demon school there is.
A demon school? Is that a thing?
Because of your
low-life parents,
you were forced
to start working young
and never got your chance
to go to school.
But fear not,
all the paperwork's
been taken care of.
I am your grandpa, remember?
My grandpa...
[SULLIVAN]
Whoo! I love how that sounds
when you say it.
On your first day,
we have to take a picture.
Could we slow down?
There's never been a human being
enrolled at this school,
but you won't be eaten
as long as
they don't find out
what you are.
If they find out,
they'll eat me?!
[SULLIVAN] Sploosh!
This fragrance will
cover up your human scent,
so you can stop worrying.
[IRUMA] Um, you know.
I'd actually rather--
[SULLIVAN]
I'm so relieved that you're
-such a delightful kid, Iruma.
-Huh?
[SULLIVAN]
If you had declined... [sighs]
[in a demonic voice]
I'd have had no other choice
but to eat you
for dinner tonight.
[gasps]
Sorry, you were saying?
Oh, nothing.
[SULLIVAN]
Henceforth, this room is yours.
[IRUMA gasps in disbelief]
It is?
[SULLIVAN] You'll have to
get up early tomorrow
for your first day,
so get plenty of sleep.
Good night.
Uh, but, I...
[SULLIVAN humming]
You take your whims
much too far.
[SULLIVAN] Opera.
You could've adopted any
or all of the demons you wanted.
Why would you adopt a human
as your grandson?
What could you possibly
be up to?
[SULLIVAN] Nothing, really.
Hmm. You'll understand
someday, Opera.
[humming]
[singsongy] I simply
cannot wait for tomorrow.
[sighs]
I have my very own room.
Never had that before.
My whole life
has just been hell, really.
Hmm.
[gasps softly] Huh?
It's like a dream.
A bizarre dream.
[rooster crows]
Ah, it was real!
[knock on door]
Hey, Iruma! Good morning!
Did you sleep well last night?
Oh, joy. My grandson's
first day of school.
Picture time.
Iruma, stand right next to that.
Uh, what is this thing?
"Entrance ceremony"?
[gasps] I can read it.
This must be
another one of Sulli...
I mean, Grandpa's spells.
-[chuckles nervously]
-[camera shutter clicks]
[SULLIVAN] I'm so happy!
My grandson's
first day of school!
His first little bag.
So innocent! So pure!
Um, pardon me, you're Opera,
is that right, or...
About this school...
-Take a look.
-Huh?
Huh?!
♪
Whoa!
The renowned
demon school, this is Babyls.
[gasps]
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[JOHNNY]
Good morning, everyone.
[STUDENT unenthusiastically]
Good morning.
[JOHNNY] I can't hear you.
[STUDENT, nervously]
Good morning.
-[IRUMA gasps]
-I have to get ready,
so I'm taking off now.
-Ta-ta!
-[IRUMA gasps]
Um, what about you, Opera?
Have a lovely day, sir.
Thanks.
-[STUDENT 1] Huh?
-[STUDENT 2] Hmm?
-Hey, you.
-[whimpers in fear]
Are-are you talking to me?
...but you won't be eaten
as long as
they don't find out
what you are.
[IRUMA] They're gonna eat me.
To the auditorium.
Oh, uh, yeah. Sorry, sir!
[IRUMA] Thank goodness.
They didn't figure out
that I'm a human.
Hmm?
President, is there
something the matter?
No, it's nothing.
[MAN 1 grunts sharply]
[MAN 2 growls]
What is the meaning of this?
I'm testing my skills
before the entrance ceremony.
If I defeat a teacher,
then I'll be famous.
Strength is everything.
Oh, I see. You're a moron.
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[sniffs] What's that?
Something smells
delicious in here.
Huh? [sniffs]
-[squeaks]
-[heart thumping]
[IRUMA] Don't stand out.
Don't stand out.
[GIRL 1] I hope we're gonna be
in the same class.
[GIRL 2] Right? I'm so nervous.
[IRUMA]
Hey, a normal conversation.
Hey, Mami, Uu, Konchie,
Keebow, Sin Sin, Ran Ran!
[IRUMA] This might just be
a normal school after all.
Silence.
[IRUMA] Is he a teacher?
He's terrifying.
Thank you all for waiting.
It's 6:06 a.m.
Let's formally commence
the welcome ceremony to Babyls.
-Now all of you, rise.
-Huh?
[ANNOUNCER 1]
Time for the school song.
♪
♪ Humans they are loved ♪
♪ For after all they taste
so very good ♪
♪ Suck them dry ♪
[IRUMA] Like air.
Just be as invisible as air.
♪ Flesh and marrow
their whole brood ♪
♪ May the sound of
our mighty wings as we fly ♪
♪ Bring you fear ♪
♪ Bow to us, we are demons ♪
♪ In your nightmares we appear ♪
♪ As we sing this song
from our crimson soaked lips ♪
♪ Now you... ♪
[IRUMA]
My life literally depends
on not standing out.
♪ Scream for us, we are demons ♪
♪ And to hell you all will go ♪
[ANNOUNCER 2] Next,
a greeting from our director.
[STUDENTS cheering]
[BOY] Incredible!
[IRUMA]
As in, the king of the demons?
-DIRECTOR [singsongy]: Iruma!
-Huh?
It's me, your loving Grandpa!
[IRUMA] He's the director?!
-[muffled gasp]
-[BOY] Iruma?
[GIRL] The director's grandkid?
[SULLIVAN] Yes, indeed.
My grandson now
attends this school.
And he's so precious
and adorable,
I could squeeze him
till his eyes pop out.
[IRUMA] Oh, no,
please don't embarrass me!
And right here I have the photo
we took just a bit ago.
Look, it's me and my grandson.
[IRUMA] He blew my cover!
-[GIRL 1] That's him?
-[GIRL 2] His grandson Iruma?
Copies will be made available
for everyone later.
[IRUMA]
I promise, nobody wants that.
Well, that's really
all I wanted to say, so...
Bye!
And now, we'll have a greeting
from the
new students' representative.
[BOY] Isn't that the guy
who scored the highest
on the entrance exam?
[ANNOUNCER 2] The representative
of the new students, Asmodeus.
What a hottie.
So that's what he looks like.
Ooh, curse me, please.
Yeah, he's alright.
-[sighs]
-[ANNOUNCER 2] What? Sorry?
[IRUMA]
He's a perfect distraction.
[ANNOUNCER 2] Giving the address
in his place is
our honor student, young Iruma.
[IRUMA] Why?!
[GIRL 1] Huh? What the heck?
-[murmuring]
-[GIRL 2] This guy's doing it?
[SULLIVAN giggling]
[IRUMA] I knew it, I'm finished!
[ANNOUNCER 2]
Iruma, please come to the stage.
[whimpers]
Oh, wow, he's just a baby.
[STUDENTS murmuring]
[whimpering in fear]
[BOY 1] Check it out.
He's in front
of a crowd this big
and not even blinking.
[BOY 2] That kid's got guts.
[IRUMA] I can't breathe
when I'm on the spot like this.
If you wouldn't mind
giving your greeting.
[IRUMA] Seriously?
What am I even
supposed to say here?
[gasps]
[SULLIVAN] I've sent you
these words of wisdom
for good luck and well wishes,
so that you won't trip and fall
throughout your upcoming
school days.
Your loving Grandpa.
[IRUMA] Huh? I'm just
supposed to read this out loud?
[grunts]
Guess I have no choice.
[inhales deeply]
Aberuhauke.
[ALL gasp]
♪
[murmuring]
Tarutoudari. Iusabebe.
[ALL gasp]
[murmuring]
[gasps]
[IRUMA] Why's everyone so quiet?
Risutouru. Aburuze.
Sutoumanu.
[screaming in disbelief]
Aberuge.
[screaming continues]
Uru.
Mahoraba.
♪
Tsurezaza.
-[ALL cheering]
-[GIRL 1] No way!
-[BOY 1] Holy crap!
-[GIRL 2] Seriously?
-[BOY 2] He did it!
-[GIRL 3] He said all of it!
-[BOY 3] What the hell?
-Huh?
-Hey, you.
-[gasps]
You can't go chanting
forbidden spells like that.
Um, what?
They're taboo,
and for good reason.
If you were to stutter
or read it wrong,
your body could've exploded.
That's just common sense.
[IRUMA] News to me!
[gasps] How could I know
it was so dangerous?
That stunt was foolish,
reckless and crazy.
And unbelievably awesome, too.
[gasps sharply]
Only a total idiot
would use that spell.
Or an oblivious demon
who doesn't fear death.
Uh, by the way, sir,
what exactly does that spell do?
If it works, it'll prevent you
from tripping and falling
the whole day.
Wait, that's it?
You may call me Asmodeus Alice.
Uh... hi, there.
♪
Why do I suddenly feel like
I'm about to die?
[BOY] The head of the class
and the honor student
are about to duke it out.
[GIRL] This should be great.
[whimpers] Excuse me,
but are you gonna eat me?
[ASMODEUS] I was supposed
to deliver the school greeting.
The punishment for thieving
that spotlight from me
is most assuredly death.
[NARRATOR] Asmodeus Alice.
A demon well-known
for his mastery of fire spells.
[gasps]
And since you
so rudely stole my thunder,
I reserve the right
to test your mettle
and see if you're
truly worthy of it.
Agreed?
[cheering]
Wow, they're really into this.
Now, you only have mere moments
to try and prove to me that you
are superior to me
with your body!
♪
[cheering]
[battle cry]
♪
[BOY 1] Asmodeus is so badass.
No other newbie could handle
fireballs like that.
[BOY 2] He's amazing, but...
[BOY 3]
Yeah. He hasn't hit him once.
[screams]
Hey, wait.
Please, sir, calm down.
[yelps]
♪
Now, take this!
[screaming]
♪
[screaming continues]
[ASMODEUS] Why can't I hit him?
♪
[BOTH panting]
[NARRATOR]
For 20 straight minutes,
Iruma managed
to dodge every single attack.
What the hell?
I haven't hit you once.
I know. Sorry about that.
[NARRATOR] How was such
a feat remotely possible?
In truth, it's because
he's unfortunate.
After being
put through endless hell
by his garbage parents,
by default, he became
a master of avoiding anything.
Whether dangerous,
scary, or painful,
he dodged it all.
[IRUMA] Now's my chance.
I need to apologize.
[NARRATOR]
He may have zero offense,
but his defense is infinite.
[NARRATOR] If given a name,
this rare power would be called
"Overwhelming Crisis
Evasion Capability."
Uh, for real, I'm sorry.
-[BOY 1] Iruma's a beast.
-Huh?
[BOY 2] He hasn't even
tried to attack him yet.
[BOY 3] Wait. Is he saying
he's not worth his time?
Whoa!
[gasps]
Well, are they right?
Am I so not worth attacking
you won't even bother?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
It's not you at all.
I'm the unworthy bug here.
-[jeering]
-[whistles]
[BOY 1] That means
you're less than a bug.
[BOY 2] Run home to your mommy,
you coward.
[BOY 3] Yeah! You tell him.
[IRUMA] You've got it all wrong!
I will not abide this.
If magic won't work,
I'll just have to take you down
using martial arts.
Prepare for destruction!
[yelps, screams]
[NARRATOR] He uses his
opponent's strength to parry.
Another part of his Overwhelming
Crisis Evasion Capability.
-[ASMODEUS yelling]
-[GIRL screams] Eiko!
[gasps] Careful, watch out!
[grunts]
We'll fall!
[BOTH gasp]
[DALI]
If it works, it'll prevent you
from tripping and falling
the whole day.
What's going on here?
A duel on
the first day of school?
That's never happened before.
[NARRATOR]
Those who witnessed the duel
that day would later say...
[indistinct chatter]
"Yes, it was,
without exaggeration.
A perfectly executed
German suplex."
[cheering]
[IRUMA] I'm doomed.
♪
[BOY 1]
"Chanting a forbidden spell
at the entrance ceremony."
"Gave the head of the class
a concussion."
"Behold,
the thoroughbred honor student
Iruma's amazing attack."
[BOY 2]
That honor student's insane!
[GIRL] I heard he once
saved a girl's life.
[SULLIVAN] I'd expect
nothing less from my grandson.
You have such
a bright future ahead.
No, I don't. What I did
was completely awful.
I gotta apol--
[gasps sharply]
Oh. hey, Asmodeus.
[groans]
Huh?
♪
I am now at your service, Iruma.
Huh?
There's nothing more to say.
I squarely, handily
lost to you in our earlier duel.
On top of that, I was informed
that you carried me
all the way to the infirmary.
And I, Asmodeus, was moved
far beyond what mere words
could even express.
Huh? But wait, I...
Written Demon law dictates
that the defeated party
must serve the victor.
Therefore...
[gasps]
...I pledge
my staunch fealty to you,
and will aide you in ruling
over this school forever.
What?! Wait a minute, hang on!
First, you need servants,
so that's going to be
the entire student body.
[screams]
Now, who shall I slay first?
Your wish is my command.
[SULLIVAN] Oh, grandson.
Can I make this the main picture
on the school's website?
[IRUMA] I wish you wouldn't.
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age 14,
enrolled at
the demon school Babyls,
has now acquired
one subordinate.
[IRUMA cries]
Su... ki... ma.
Master, please ask me
to do anything.
Sure. But I don't need
anything right now, thank you.
Iruma saved me
from certain death.
I wanna thank him,
and maybe get closer to him.
-Irum--
-[growls]
Uh, what was that?
Something wrong?
I felt
a sinister presence nearby.
Scary. Oh, my gosh,
he's so scary.
[NARRATOR]
Can she get close enough
to Iruma to thank him?
You can do it, Eiko.
[IRUMA] I never dreamed
I'd become a demon's grandson
and go to a demon school.
Uh, Asmodeus?
Please, don't bow so low.
I don't need a piggyback ride.
I can walk.
Carry me instead?
That's not any better.
I don't need to ride
on your shoulders, either.
Put me down!
Next on "Welcome to
Demon School Iruma-kun,"
"Familiars Summoned."
Wait. I'm human, though.
I can't summon anything. Help!
♪